The other thing that I wanted to
highlight that is really useful and
working with modules is the ability for
you to structure your files so
that it allows for modules.
So here's a really quick overview.
I just wanted to show you this.
We won't be doing exercises regarding this
but I think it's a really useful concept.
So, what I have here is I have a structure
of a view file, movie folder structure.
And so you might notice that I
have a store generally speaking,
there's an index.js in the store.
And that's how Vuex CLI does things,
it just automatically adds a store
folder with an index.js file.
And then within store what I wanna do is
I'm gonna assume that I have multiple
modules, so many modules.
And it's really annoying for
me to always have to put the modules
in index.js because my
index.js file becomes giant.
There's so many, the whole point
about extrapolating modules and
making them modules is not only to have
that namespace but also for readability.
And so one other way in which you can
make your code a bit more readable,
is I can create a module folder
within my store and then within that,
I can create specific modules like
inventory and machine and so on.
And so that is where the bulk
of like my code can live
specifically like the state and
actions and so on.
I can actually take that one step further.
And this is not specific to modules.
This is just specific to how you
organize your state actions getters and
mutations in Vuex, but I cannot just
have a single inventory.js file.
I can also split my state mutations,
actions and getters into separate files,
and then sort of bring them
together in index.js file.
That way I can just access
files separately so
everything lives separately like state
lives in one file actions live in another.
And so again,
you have very pared down files,
you know exactly where to look
when you're looking for state.
It removes any confusion with regards
to the order in which things are.
So it stayed on the top,
it stayed on the bottom.
It completely removes that if you
create a folder structure like this.
So that's a really nice tip for doing it.
I think throughout the exercises, we'll
talk a little bit about the different
parts of,
we might be using some pieces of this.
But again, it's a really useful concept,
especially if you're looking to clean up
your UX folder structure and
make things clean.